okay she is the star of the play and she
is my girlfriend
I get to have sex with the star of the
play people can hear you I didn't know
wow she looks great then she hmm
hi hi that is one good-looking man is it
just me or can you actually see his abs
through his overcoat so you've been
doing this long no you're my first put
the money on the table oh yeah oh that's
nice dude
[Music]
is that an expensive blouse if you want
it to be here's your girlfriend's button
hey hey Oh how was Cathy's play well
Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex
with a real good-looking guy I was like
somebody literally broke down my worst
nightmare and then charged me $32 to see
it that's a good idea for a business I'm
totally screwed okay they're gonna be
hot and heavy on stage every night and
then they're gonna go to their little
cast parties and he's gonna try to
undermine me you know he'll be like so
where's your boyfriend what's his name
Chester
he'll go no no it's Chandler and he'll
go whatever ha ha ha that is a good
trick look look what am I gonna do
Chandler look they're actors they're
there to do a job
just cuz they work together doesn't mean
they're gonna get together I mean just
gonna happen with like Susan Sarandon
and Tim Robbins doesn't mean it's gonna
happen with them Oh Oh Alec Baldwin and
Kim Basinger go Tom Cruise and Nicole
Kidman they're okay Mel Gibson and Clint
Eastwood they're not a couple oh okay I
get the game now okay look look let me
ask you a question when they were doing
it on stage was it like really hot oh
yeah
well okay so then you're fine
look the rule is when two actors are
actually doing it offstage then all the
sexual tension between them is gone okay
so Zhaan's it's hot on stage you got
nothing to worry about it's when the
heat goes away that's when you're in
trouble really look you guys have been
to every play I've ever been in have I
ever had chemistry onstage oh so well
man you're gonna go see the play with me
tonight you know what I don't know how
comfortable I am gonna see how hot the
sex is between some guy and your
girlfriend yeah I know I don't know I'm
there all right right there was like no
chemistry between them before they had
heat and now there's no heat now you
know what this means Joey told us what
this Milan let's not jump to any
conclusions all right there was some
sexual chemistry between them come on it
was like cousins having sex up there if
she comes don't say a word okay just be
cool don't be get on you oh thank you so
much for coming again did you like it
tonight oh absolutely
hmm was it Nick funny when he couldn't
get his match lid
it's a good place hmm
I love to play uh yeah you were great
and Nick ditto
clearly you're having sex with him okay
clearly I'm having sex oh come on was so
obvious there was no chemistry between
you two okay let me just get this
straight you're accusing me of cheating
on you and you're insulting my
performance no I can see how this could
happen you know you're up there every
night naked touching kissing Oh acting
general this is my job
I'm playing a part in a play how can you
not trust me well you can understand
given how we started oh wow I can't
believe you're throwing that in my face
well that is what happened and I don't
even see you denying this I'll tell you
what Chandler why don't you call me when
you grow up yeah well don't expect that
to happen anytime soon
you